Introduction to git
Git is a distributed version control system that differs from the rest in the way it models its data.
Most other systems store the information as a list of file changes, while Git
models your data more like a set of snapshots of a mini filesystem.

The three states
Git has three main states in which your files can be found: committed, modified,
and staged. Confirmed means that the data is safely stored in your local database.
Modified means that you have modified the file but have not yet committed it to your database.
Ready means that you have marked a modified file in its current version to go on your next commit.

This brings us to the three main sections of a Git project: the Git directory, the directory
working directory, and staging area.

Distributed workflows with git
We have seen what a distributed version control environment consists of, but beyond the simple definition,
there is more than one way to manage repositories. These are the most common workflows in Git.

Centralized workflow
There is a single repository or central point that stores the code and everyone synchronizes their work with it.
If two developers clone from the central point, and both make changes; just the first of them to send
your changes back can be done cleanly. The second developer must previously merge their work
with the first one, before sending it, to avoid overwriting the changes of the first

Integration-Manager workflow
By allowing multiple remote repositories, in Git it is possible to have a workflow where each developer
have write access to your own public repository and read access to everyone else's repositories
Typically, this scenario usually includes a canonical repository, "official" representative of the project.

Workflow with Dictator and Lieutenants
It's a variant of the multi-repository workflow. It is generally used in very large projects,
with hundreds of collaborators. A well-known example is the Linux kernel. Some integration managers
they take care of specific parts of the repository; and they are called lieutenants. All lieutenants are 
accountable to a manager
integration; known as the benevolent dictator. The benevolent dictator's repository is the repository of
reference, from which all collaborators retrieve (pull).
